What is it guys and welcome back so in this video I'm going to be adding a new section and that is going
to be about me.
So I'm just going to come here and I'm going to hit at a new section full of it right here.
Yes.
So a forward is going to come here.
And you can see that it is right here.
What I want basically right now is that I want to give the background to this column right here so I'm
just going to come here and I want to hint at it section.
OK.
And
the section is going to be just scum here it is style.
Let's just come here to.
And the first color is going to be Pellow.
OK.
And the second color is going to be white.
So you can see the grading effect and this is going to come here and the location you can see I want
to bring this down.
This location should be set to zero.
And you can see the effect and the angle is going to be the floor and all of that is going to be the
90 90 degree.
So one this location to be
so you can see how this is looking OK same like that.
What we can do is that we can just remove this section and we can add two columns right here.
This might look great as well.
Let's just come here.
Let's just hit this.
And this looks cool.
OK.
Now what I want I want to come here to this guy right here and I need the heating so the heating is
going to be about me
OK.
And I want to come here to steal the text color is going to be white and
this should be coming to the center.
So I want to increase the space.
Let's just come here to type all graphy let's increase the size
OK.
This looks cool.
Now what I want
let's just choose a different color.
So this color is going to be Plock or a bit of crazy about me OK.
Let's just come here to style let's just increase it
OK.
This looks cool.
Yes.
I want the phone to be open sense.
OK.
And I want the vase to be sixt and raid 3 in Raid 3 and it looks good on the letter spacing to be more
about me.
OK.
And then I want.
I want that thing right here but I want to give some spacing right above so you can see how one does
some spacing right above.
So I want to go to advanced DAB and I can see that it says the batting.
So I want to give the batting to the top getting mean spacing and it is inside this one inside spacing
not the outside outside spacing means merging an inside spacing means betting.
So I want to give some inside spacing OK.
I want to go to a just make sure that you hit this OK and then add the batting.
I want to add some bedding to be 25 pixel not a 250 25 so 25 pixel X Good.
OK.
And I want to just come here and I can see that this has been added so I want to columns right below.
I want to come here a here and I want to track these columns so you can see these columns are coming.
I want to go to for the first one I want the text editor and for the second one I want some of the progress
bars so you can see that the general elements we have progress bar.
So I want to drag it out here and he can see that this is coming.
I am going to just copy this and duplicate it to placate and duplicate.
I need for skills right here so you can see that they're coming right here.
And I also have an About Me section.
So now what I want I want to add this so I want to pay some content here so you can see it has been
added.
I am going to change some right here.
OK.
And I want to go to style and I want to change the text color to be full black.
So.
And this should be changed to H.T..
Male
M.
OK and this should be
92 percent.
So this is the false one.
OK so I want to show the person daj and the inner text is
or let's add the inner text only.
OK H.T. male OK.
And let's just delete it.
So T.M. is coming right here and we have to
let's just come here to see assess.
OK let's me just delete this and let's add some right here.
So this is going to be C Ss.
OK.
And I want to increase this as well.
So this should be increased to
89.
OK.
I'm like this let's just come here and let's delete it lights deleted and let's get them delete Let's
come here and duplicate it delegate to placate and to Piggy and.
OK.
So I have these.
So I want to come here to see assess.
I want to change this to Javascript.
So these are basically coding that I am adding as a skill to myself.
So you can see javascript is right here.
OK.
And javascript as 80 percent.
Now I want to come your and this is going to be p p so it should be
and this is going to be
where you press
and this one should be you x slash you.
I are gay and this should be fine.
OK.
So you can see how this is looking.
If I just click here and I can see how my about me section is OK this is the about me section.
This is about myself and these are my skills.
You can see that my Seyed is just simple and the basic and amazing and it is copying just single one
rule.
I want my team to be blue and you can see that everything is blue white and black nothing else.
So make sure that you just go with three main colors and copy them only one green is right here.
Then we don't have any of the colors here.
So indeed this is how it is looking and this is looking to simple the basic and amazing.
Everything is looking cool.
I am just copying this.
You can see this is blue.
This is the color is blue.
This is the blue this is blue and everything is blue.
And this is looking so cool so amazing.
So now we are totally done with her about me section as well.
OK.
So in the next video we're going to add some more.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
And goodbye.